Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay. this will work.
You're telling me this looked real?
Yeah. I've seen the real thing.
This will work.
Can I see them?
No. Trust me.
You don't want those images in your head.
Yeah. these'll pass.
Hey. you okay?
Yeah. Let's get you your new clothes.
Come on.
Extraction team.
Midnight.
You've worked with this Tappen guy?
Worked with him many times.
And you think he'll come through?
I think he'll do his best.
Okay. I gotta go.
Uh-- Oh. wait.
you cannot just leave me here.
If there's an emergency. you can call.
but this is a safe place.
You don't need me to babysit.
but get you home.
Can we not just wait here
until it's time to go?
I said Tappen's plan might be an option.
not a solution.
Well. I didn't understand what that meant
the first time you said it either. so…
Now. Poe…
We don't know
who attacked you at the base.
Until I find that out
and eliminate that threat.
you are not safe.
You know. he…
He tried to teach me self-defense
so I could be safe.
So I could know
what to do with my hands in case…
That's good advice.
Yeah. would be
if I bothered to remember any of it.
Hey.
Doesn't matter what you can or can't do
with those hands.
This one is in mine.
No. no. no.
No.
No. No. No.
No. no.
I'm only gonna say this one time.
It's a bad idea to move around when
someone has a knife next to your heart.
Tell me about Osmar.
I already told you.
Osmar is some kind of code name.
He hired us to help hit your convoy.
I never met him or anyone with him before.
I'm asking. what does he look like?
Well…
Tall.
Gray hair.
Big scar down the left side of his face.
When we get there.
how do we contact him?
A call box on the front of the building
that's been rigged to call Osmar.
From there he will tell you where to meet.
What have you done to me?
Put a little
homemade blasting cap
in your chest.
What?!
There is a device
in your chest.
I press this button…
and boom.
You are a very sick person.
Do you know that?
Which one of us
was about to shoot a teenage girl?
For people like me.
there are necessary evils
to survive the world we live in.
But you.
asshole.
you come from a land of luxury.
You chose this job. this way of living.
Whatever you've told yourself
about why you've entered this
or what you were before. that's all gone.
But if there's a difference
between you and me.
it's that you are far worse.
son of a bitch.
Then you should
probably keep in mind
which one of us is holding the remote.
Do you trust this man?
I trust him.
He works at a security company.
Something went down.
What went down?
Guys tried to hold him up.
He took them apart like it was nothing.
He must be crazy.
He's CIA. or Special Forces. I don't know.
-Mm-hmm.
-The money is coming from the Americans.
It's going to show up.
Mr. Creasy.
This is Beto. my husband's cousin.
Hi.
I need to get back to my daughter.
He's going to make sure Poe is safe
while you're away.
Look. man. she's in good hands.
When I get back. I'll have enough money
to make everybody whole.
We'll talk later.
This is not
just about getting the money. right?
That guy you brought here.
He's going with you?
Yeah.
Is he coming back?
It's up to him.
Melo is my family. right. bro?
What the hell?
This is my job. man.
I don't need any help.
How will you handle security
when you're going on a run
with half your guys?
I'll put Livro with her.
Livro? Your baby brother?
Are you fucking kidding me?
You'd be better off giving the girl a gun
and asking her to defend him.
Duda.
all I'm saying is.
if we're going to do this.
let's do it right.
Me and my guys
will provide the proper protection
and in exchange I'm just asking for a cut.
I've already had my say. brother.
I don't need them.
I don't need them and I don't want them.
Livro speaks English so fucking well.
He'll make her feel calm
and keep her out of the way.
Besides. it's about time he finds a way
to start pulling his fucking weight.
It's his find.
He can do it his way.
If he wants to use it
to help bring his brother along…
that's his business.
When this turns into a mess
and someone has to step in?
It's not gonna turn into anything.
It's handled.
We'll see about that.
I don't understand.
Why do I have to keep an eye on this girl?
I told you!
You don't do a fucking thing
around here. Livro.
There are kids younger than you on a crew.
Earning. you know?
It's time to fucking man up.
It's real simple.
You won't do anything.
You don't do anything anyway. right?
Stay inside the shack
with the girl. understand?
And whatever you do.
stay the fuck away from Vico.
I'll hook you up.
-Don't get used to it.
-You're crazy. I'm just watching her.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I don't want that.
I'm trying to help you. Livro.
You're the only one
who doesn't fucking carry.
Are you crazy?
Anyone who looks at you
can see you're weak. damn it.
Are you weak?
You're not weak. You're my brother.
From today on
you're going to be armed. damn it.
You start earning.
Are you crying?
If you cry here. kid.
I'll kill you myself.
Now toughen up.
Come on.
Go out there and show
you're a loose animal in this shithole.
Go!
Oh. I'm-- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I was asked to see after you for the day.
I'm Livro.
I don't need anybody to look after me.
So. can you leave. please?
I apologize again.
Um. I'll sit outside. near the door.
You won't even notice I'm here.
How do you speak English so well?
I've had some lessons. but the Internet
and American television help very much.
Um. sorry. your name is "Book"?
Yeah. it's…
Livro.
Everyone goes by a nickname here.
So.
you do things like this all the time?
No.
My brother asked me to.
You see. when I was very young.
our parents were killed.
So my brother needed to take care of us.
But now he's on the lookout
for jobs he thinks I can do.
And… I guess this was one of them.
So you didn't want to do it?
No. I…
He always looked out for me. you know?
But now he's realizing
that I'm just not like him. And…
I think he started to hate me for it.
Um…
Would you like to watch something on TV?
Is it in English?
Oh. on there. probably no.
But you can watch on my phone.
Here.
You can watch with me. if you want.
Okay.
Do you miss your parents?
Very much.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-No.
No. um.
it's okay. I…
I worry more about forgetting
than not being able to.
Trust me.
You never forget.
Don't be stupid.
I'm gonna step away from the car.
But I still have my eye on it.
If you think about messing around.
remember you're very much still in range.
Don't need to leave me
roasting here. dude. Come on…
Money's at the bottom of the bag.
They told me the extraction
was set for midnight.
What can you tell me
about the FRP?
The FRP has made trouble for Carmo.
mostly small actions
hoping to swing the election.
But all they really accomplished
is getting their leader. Ferraz.
thrown in jail.
I guess whoever replaced him has decided
to respond by blowing up a building.
That's a pretty large job
for somebody new to terrorism.
They have anybody with a history?
Hard to say.
They don't cover them directly.
but I know they're organized in cells.
so the damage from a crackdown is limited.
Outside of the actual bombers.
I doubt most members
would know anything about it
until it actually happened.
What about a guy named Osmar?
He might have a scar on his face.
Don't know of anyone like that.
These don't sound
like the questions of someone
who's planning to leave at midnight.
Nah. I'm just… making sure
people reap what they sow.
Yes.
It's Tiago.
Tiago?
Your people thought you didn't make it.
It was more than I bargained for.
but I got the job done
and ended with a hell of a story.
What I need now is to be paid as agreed.
Wait. wait. wait.
What do you mean you finished the job?
The word is they got away.
They did.
But I went with them.
Well. well.
That's very good work. Tiago.
Do it like this.
Go to the store at the end of the block.
There's a rack of pre-paid cell phones.
Buy the one in the back on the left.
I'll call within the hour.
When we have your money.
What are you doing?
He gave us instructions.
A phone in the back left of a store
down the street.
And then he will call to arrange.
Understand?
No.
We're not gonna do it like that.
We're gonna see him right now. Now walk.
Fuck.
This way.
Go. go. go.
Go. go.
Fuck.
Look. I haven't had
anything to eat in hours.
And I'm kind of sick
of being in this room.
And I'm just asking to get out of here
for like five minutes.
Okay.
Okay. but we must go and come right back.
-Five minutes.
-Like five minutes. yeah.
It's just down there.
Oh my God.
It's beautiful. no?
Yeah. I mean…
It's the best thing I've seen
since I got to Brazil.
Look down there.
This is the only city I know
where the poor live above the rich.
Um. we should go.
Our five minutes are disappearing.
It's not what I thought it would be.
It's actually kind of pretty.
Oh. you were expecting…
What is the word?
Uh. slum. right?
No. No. sorry--
I-- I didn't mean to offend you.
No. it's okay. It's okay.
This is what everyone thinks.
And then it's fun to see them surprised.
Do you like to read?
Yeah. why?
Very quickly.
I'll show you my favorite place.
My grandmother used to bring me here
when I first arrived.
I spent so many times here
that they let me
sit behind the counter and read. you know?
And there isn't much competition
for the ones in English.
so I often find good choices.
Something you like?
Oh. you are a chess player.
No.
Um…
But my dad used to play and
I remember this book.
-I. uh…
-We must go.
Well. well. well.
If it isn't Livro The Bodyguard.
Watch out. guys.
Elite-level protection endorsed by Beto.
We're already leaving.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
But we just arrived.
Oh. is this a problem for you?
Because Beto seemed to think
you could handle this.
- Vico…
- So I want to see you handle it.
Livro!
Vico. please!
Please?
I got a knife to her throat.
and he says please!
Livro!
Her bodyguard is packing.
I don't want you to hit
the person you're protecting.
See.
for this to work.
I have to be more afraid of dying
than you are of shooting.
You're not cut out for this.
You know that?
You think I'm an asshole. don't you?
It's okay. Livro. I am an asshole.
So what you have to ask yourself
is why an asshole's more concerned
about you in these situations
than your own brother?
I'm not nearly as smart as you.
but I think if an asshole
is the only one looking out for you.
you've got a problem.
Take it from an asshole. Livro.
If you're not one.
you don't want to become one.
Let's go.
Just this.
Hey. Poe?
- He attacked us.
- What? Who?
-Who?
-I don't know. Uh…
A rival gang or something.
- Creasy. you've gotta come back. Please.
- You okay? Where are you now?
I'm at the apartment.
-What do they want?
-I don't know.
Uh. I think they were
just trying to scare us.
But-- When can you be here?
I-- It…
Aren't we supposed to be leaving?
The plane was supposed to take us home.
Creasy?
I gotta go. I'll be back in a second.
-Stay inside. Lock the door.
-I--
Yeah?
Who are you? What do you want?
I think you already know who this is.
But if you want to be sure.
tell me where to meet you.
-I'll be happy to fill you in.
-It's okay.
We enjoy watching you
sit in your little car.
Okay. then.
ROTARY AND MONTHLY PARKING
Motherfucker.
EXPLOSION CAUSES TRAGEDY
Hi.
Mom.
- Where have you been?
- I know. I'm sorry.
You disappeared.
I got a customer
who required my attention.
You said you'd check in.
I didn't have my phone.
-Everything okay?
-Yeah. everything's okay.
-I wanted to talk to you.
-Of course.
Before I left. I wanted to apologize.
I went too far.
You don't want to leave. not my business.
-I just want what's best for you two.
-I know. Gabi. Thanks.
It's never been that I'm unwilling to go.
But I want to do it the right way.
I don't want Marina to be undocumented.
And I think I've found a way.
How?
-This passenger I'm working with now.
-Mm-hmm?
He has connections.
He can help with the papers.
But first I must help him.
With what?
He's after the people who did this.
What?
No. You don't want
to get mixed up in that.
Who is he?
The security contractors I'm driving for.
he's one of them.
And you trust him?
But why?
I don't know.
Sometimes you meet someone…
It's like you see
a piece of yourself in them.
And what part of yourself do you see?
The part that's suffered.
All good.
Sweep the perimeter.
Make sure it's all secured.
This way. This way.
Watch out. Watch out.
This way.
Look under the car. under the car.
Hand on the gun. Visual. Fire.
Nothing here.
Fuck.
It's been hours
since he came to the warehouse.
Do you have him?
No.
He discovered the tracker. Threw it out.
Why didn't you take him
when you had the chance?
Because we need the girl as well.
Having him lead us to her
would have allowed us to--
Consider yourself relieved.
I'll put the job in more competent hands.
Yes.
Very well.
I have been relieved of command.
They will find a different way
to pursue them.
If they need more.
someone else will contact you.
Our guy in the store said
he dropped it when he got the phone.
Have a couple guys stake out her place.
See if it goes anywhere.
I'll be at home.
Still no word?
What is that?
I just wanted to bring you something
before you leave.
The fact that you would find something
here that reminded you
of home…
I don't know. It seemed like fate.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it.
And I'm sorry for today.
Should you ever return.
I'll give you a better tour.
-You're leaving?
-Yeah.
I only stopped by to give you the book.
There's actually another man outside
since my brother and his people returned.
Oh.
And he doesn't speak English.
so he cannot bother you the way I did.
I wasn't bothered.
I promise.
I'm sure Mr. Creasy will be here soon.
Yeah.
Livro?
Will you wait with me until he comes?
Yeah-- Yeah. of course.
Shit.
My wallet is on the seat. You can--
Hands on the wheel!
We don't want your wallet.
This is what we're looking for.
You gave this man a ride?
-I don't know…
-Let me be clear.
This only ends well for you
if you have the information.
Otherwise. you'll be another dead driver
whose phone got grabbed.
Why don't you look again?
-I drove him around days ago.
-Nothing since then?
-I drove him again.
-Was there anyone with him?
Was there anyone with him?
A girl.
Where did you take them?
Do you really want
to lose your life over this?
-It was a favela.
-That's where you're going to take us.
If we find them.
you will be free.
If we don't find it.
you'll die.
Go.
Creasy should have been back
by now. Okay. we have a plane to meet.
-I'm sure he's coming--
-No. he's not!
Okay? I don't even know who to call.
He didn't tell me anything. Livro.
-He will come.
-God. why do you keep saying that?
Because no one would leave you behind.
- What time tomorrow?
- You will know when I do.
Mateus.
-What are you doing up. little man?
-I thought I heard something.
Just your old man getting ready for bed.
Come on. we'll get you tucked in.
-Is that good?
-Yes.
Yeah.
You're kidding.
Tell me where you are.
and I will get to you.
Agreed.
Is everything okay?
Daddy just has to go out again.
You sleep well and we'll talk tomorrow.
-Okay?
-Okay.
Good night. son.
Good night. Dad.
♪ Shake your body. baby ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm